README.md, before:

## Introduction

apod.js is a JavaScript library that offers simple access to data published on the [Astronomy Picture of the Day](http://apod.nasa.gov/apod/archivepix.html) website.

## Setup

Download a copy of apod.js and attach it to your document.

```html
<script src="/path/to/apod.js"></script>
```

Data frequently includes non-English characters, so be sure to use UTF-8 encoding.

```html
<meta charset="utf-8" />
```

## Examples

```javascript
apod.get(new Date(2013, 4, 23), function(m109) {
    console.log(m109.title); // Messier 109
    console.log(m109.explanation); // Beautiful barred spiral ... of the larger M109.
    console.log(m109.credit); // Image Credit ... <a href="http://bf-astro.com/">Bob Franke</a>
    console.log(m109.pictureURL); // http://apod.nasa.gov/apod/image/1305/m109franke2400.jpg
    console.log(m109.pictureThumbnailURL); // "http://apod.nasa.gov/apod/image/1305/m109franke900.jpg
    console.log(m109.videoURL); // [empty string]
    console.log(m109.url); // http://apod.nasa.gov/apod/ap130523.html
    console.log(m109.date); // Thu May 23 2013 00:00:00 GMT-0800 (PDT)
});

apod.getBetween(new Date(2013, 5, 1), new Date(2013, 5, 3), function(earlyJune) {
    console.log(earlyJune[0].title); // The Milky Trail
    console.log(earlyJune[1].title); // A Roll Cloud Over Uruguay
    console.log(earlyJune[2].title); // Curiosity: Wheels on Mars
});

apod.get(new Date(1930, 1, 18), function(discovery) {
    console.log("Thanks for inviting me guys! We're gonna be best friends forever!");
}, function(errorName, errorDesc) {
    console.log(errorName); // NothingPublishedError
    console.log(errorDesc); // No Astronomy Picture of the Day published on specified date.
});
```

## API Documentation

### Methods

#### apod.get

Load data from a single Astronomy Picture of the Day.

##### Parameters

###### date

The date an Astronomy Picture of the Day was published, in the form of a JavaScript Date object. Time and timezone are ignored.

###### success

A callback to run if no errors are thrown. The callback is passed one argument: an APOD object.

###### failure

A callback to run if an error is thrown. The callback is passed two arguments: the first is the name of the error, the second is its description.

#### apod.getBetween

Load data from several consecutive Astronomy Pictures of the Day.

##### Parameters

###### startDate

The start date (inclusively), in the form of a JavaScript Date object. Time and timezone are ignored.

###### endDate

The end date (inclusively), in the form of a JavaScript Date object. Time and timezone are ignored.

###### success

A callback to run if no errors are thrown. The callback is passed one argument: an array of APOD objects.

###### failure

A callback to run if an error is thrown. The callback is passed two arguments: the first is the name of the error, the second is its description.

### The APOD Object

`APOD` objects are used to represent Astronomy Pictures of the Day. These objects are simply collections of data, with one named property for each type of data.

#### Properties

##### date

The day the Astronomy Picture of the Day was published, in the form of a JavaScript Date object. NASA does not publish time or timezone information, so the Date object defaults to midnight in the user's timezone.

##### url

The URL of the Astronomy Picture of the Day landing page. The landing page lists the picture itself as well as a title, an explanation, navigational links, and other information.

##### title

The Astronomy Picture of the Day title.

##### explanation

The Astronomy Picture of the Day explanation. Often contains HTML.

##### credit

The credit for the picture or video. Often contains HTML.

##### pictureURL

The URL of a high-resolution version of the picture. This is usually shown after clicking the thumbnail in the center of the day's landing page. Not always available. Sometimes, only thumbnails are published.

##### pictureThumbnailURL

The URL of the picture's thumbnail. This is usually shown in the center of the day's landing page.

##### videoURL

The URL of the video that was published, or an empty string. (Videos are sometimes published instead of pictures.)

### Errors

#### NothingPublishedError

Thrown when no Astronomy Pictures of the Day were published on the given date or between the given start and end dates (inclusively).

## Browser support

apod.js should work in [any browser that supports CORS](http://caniuse.com/cors), but has only been confirmed to work in the following.

* Chrome 14+
* Firefox 3.6+
* Internet Explorer 8+
* Opera 12.00+
* Safari 5.1+

Commit message:

Add notice about project being unmaintained

README.md, after:

## Notice

This project is no longer maintained.

NASA now has an API for this data which I recommend using instead. To use it,
[sign up for a key](https://api.nasa.gov/index.html#apply-for-an-api-key) and
then check out [their documentation](https://api.nasa.gov/api.html#apod).
There's also a number of [node modules](https://www.npmjs.com/search?q=apod)
that wrap the API.

## Introduction

apod.js is a JavaScript library that offers simple access to data published on the [Astronomy Picture of the Day](http://apod.nasa.gov/apod/archivepix.html) website.

## Setup

Download a copy of apod.js and attach it to your document.

```html
<script src="/path/to/apod.js"></script>
```

Data frequently includes non-English characters, so be sure to use UTF-8 encoding.

```html
<meta charset="utf-8" />
```

## Examples

```javascript
apod.get(new Date(2013, 4, 23), function(m109) {
    console.log(m109.title); // Messier 109
    console.log(m109.explanation); // Beautiful barred spiral ... of the larger M109.
    console.log(m109.credit); // Image Credit ... <a href="http://bf-astro.com/">Bob Franke</a>
    console.log(m109.pictureURL); // http://apod.nasa.gov/apod/image/1305/m109franke2400.jpg
    console.log(m109.pictureThumbnailURL); // "http://apod.nasa.gov/apod/image/1305/m109franke900.jpg
    console.log(m109.videoURL); // [empty string]
    console.log(m109.url); // http://apod.nasa.gov/apod/ap130523.html
    console.log(m109.date); // Thu May 23 2013 00:00:00 GMT-0800 (PDT)
});

apod.getBetween(new Date(2013, 5, 1), new Date(2013, 5, 3), function(earlyJune) {
    console.log(earlyJune[0].title); // The Milky Trail
    console.log(earlyJune[1].title); // A Roll Cloud Over Uruguay
    console.log(earlyJune[2].title); // Curiosity: Wheels on Mars
});

apod.get(new Date(1930, 1, 18), function(discovery) {
    console.log("Thanks for inviting me guys! We're gonna be best friends forever!");
}, function(errorName, errorDesc) {
    console.log(errorName); // NothingPublishedError
    console.log(errorDesc); // No Astronomy Picture of the Day published on specified date.
});
```

## API Documentation

### Methods

#### apod.get

Load data from a single Astronomy Picture of the Day.

##### Parameters

###### date

The date an Astronomy Picture of the Day was published, in the form of a JavaScript Date object. Time and timezone are ignored.

###### success

A callback to run if no errors are thrown. The callback is passed one argument: an APOD object.

###### failure

A callback to run if an error is thrown. The callback is passed two arguments: the first is the name of the error, the second is its description.

#### apod.getBetween

Load data from several consecutive Astronomy Pictures of the Day.

##### Parameters

###### startDate

The start date (inclusively), in the form of a JavaScript Date object. Time and timezone are ignored.

###### endDate

The end date (inclusively), in the form of a JavaScript Date object. Time and timezone are ignored.

###### success

A callback to run if no errors are thrown. The callback is passed one argument: an array of APOD objects.

###### failure

A callback to run if an error is thrown. The callback is passed two arguments: the first is the name of the error, the second is its description.

### The APOD Object

`APOD` objects are used to represent Astronomy Pictures of the Day. These objects are simply collections of data, with one named property for each type of data.

#### Properties

##### date

The day the Astronomy Picture of the Day was published, in the form of a JavaScript Date object. NASA does not publish time or timezone information, so the Date object defaults to midnight in the user's timezone.

##### url

The URL of the Astronomy Picture of the Day landing page. The landing page lists the picture itself as well as a title, an explanation, navigational links, and other information.

##### title

The Astronomy Picture of the Day title.

##### explanation

The Astronomy Picture of the Day explanation. Often contains HTML.

##### credit

The credit for the picture or video. Often contains HTML.

##### pictureURL

The URL of a high-resolution version of the picture. This is usually shown after clicking the thumbnail in the center of the day's landing page. Not always available. Sometimes, only thumbnails are published.

##### pictureThumbnailURL

The URL of the picture's thumbnail. This is usually shown in the center of the day's landing page.

##### videoURL

The URL of the video that was published, or an empty string. (Videos are sometimes published instead of pictures.)

### Errors

#### NothingPublishedError

Thrown when no Astronomy Pictures of the Day were published on the given date or between the given start and end dates (inclusively).

## Browser support

apod.js should work in [any browser that supports CORS](http://caniuse.com/cors), but has only been confirmed to work in the following.

* Chrome 14+
* Firefox 3.6+
* Internet Explorer 8+
* Opera 12.00+
* Safari 5.1+
